---
layout     : post
title      : 记单词
categories : [English]
tags       : [notes]
---
# 2016-08-18
acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance acquaintance he is not a friend of mine, only an acquaintance. he is not a friend of mine, only an anquainance. 
acquire acquire acquire acquire acquire aquire acquire acquire acquire we should try to acquire good habits. 
activite activite voice recognition recognition recognition activite activite the system adapt adapt adapt adapt 
addition in addition to additional material materail materail additional meterail 
adequate adequate adequate adequate adequete i hope he will be adequete to the job. administration 
administration administration administration administraion administration admit admit admit admit admit 
adolescent adolecent adolecent adolescent adolescent adolescent overgrowth is common in adolescents.
advantage adverse adverse adverse adverse adverse adverse adverse comments adverse comment  adverse comments adverse comments adverse comments adverse comments adverse comments adverse comments adverse comments 
advocate advocate advocate advocate advocate  advocate advocate advocate advocate many educators advocate a liberal education. many educators advocate a liberal education. many educators advocate a liberal education. many educators advocate a liberal education. affection affection affection affection gain his affection gain his affection gain her affection gain her affection gain her affection affection affection affection gain her affection gain his affection afford afford afford afford afford afford adequate adequate adequate adequate adequate adequate adequate adequate adequate adequate adequate adjust administration admit advantage advantage advantage 

### 2016-08-17
accuse accuse accuse he denied all accuse of him. 
accustomed accustomed accustomed you will soon get accustomed to the climate here. you will soon get accustomed to the climate here. you will soon get accustomed to the climate here. you will soon get accustomed to the climate here. 
achievement acknowledge  acknowledge we ackonwledged the need of reform. 

### 2016-08-15
her acceptance of the gift encouraged him. her acceptance of the gift encouraged him. her acceptance of the gift encouraged him. her acceptance of the gift encouraged him. 
this is the only means of access to the building. 
this is the only means of access to the building. 
accessible such information is not really accessible. such information is not really accessible. 
such information is not really accessible. such information is not really accessible.
such information is not really accessible. 
in a traffic accident in a traffic accident traffic 
accommodate accommodate accommodate accommodate this hotel can accommodate up to 500 guests. this hotel can accommodate up to 500 guests. this hotel can accommodate up to 500 guests. 
accomplish it's impossible for you to accomplish this task within such a short time. it's impossible for you to accomplish this task within such a short time. 
accordance accordance accordance he acted in accordance with his beliefs. he acted in accordance with his beliefs.
account bank account bank account bank account bank account 
accurate accurate accurate accurate accurate accurate accurate Hearsay definitely can't be regarded as accurate information.


### 2016-08-13
demonstrate
conspicuous conspicuous conspicuous conspicuous conspicuous conspicuous conspicuous conspicuous conspicuous conspicuous conspicuous
conspicuous conspicuous 
demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate
diminish diminish diminish diminish diminish diminish diminish diminish diminish diminish diminish diminish diminishdiminish diminish diminish diminish
diminish her enthusiasm diminish her enthusiasm diminish her enthusiasm diminish her enthusiasm enthusiasm enthusiasm enthusiasm enthusiasm diminish her enthusiasm diminish her enthusiasm diminish her enthusiasm diminish her enthusiasm diminish her enthusiasm diminish her enthusiasm 
incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible incomprehensible 
consequence consequence the past is of no consequence. the past is of no consequence. the past is of no consequence. the past is of no consequence. 
enthusiasm 
convict convict convict there was insufficient evidence to convict him. there was insufficient evidence to convict him. 
insufficient evidence insufficient evidence insufficient evidence insufficient evidence 
brand brand brand insufficient generic brand reveal 
reveal my identity reveal my identity identity reveal reveal 
redundant redundant redundant redundant redundant conspicuous redundant redundant redundant redundant population in the cities 
redundant population 
outskirt on the outskirt of paris outskirt outskirt
substitude there is no substitude for hard work. there is no substitude for hard work. 



